-(chimes tinkling)
-(logo popping)
(bell chiming)
(wind whooshing softly)
Yo!
You guys need an extra minute
to say your goodbyes?
(Bruno chuckling)
(heavy thudding)
(wind whooshing softly)
Property damage,
aggravated assault,
unlawful use of Witch Kits.
I could pin a whole bunch
of other offenses on you,
but we'll put all
that aside for now.
I'll get to the point.
-Check it out.
-(energy crackling)
(energy buzzing)
Balgo Parks has now been
officially designated
a Punitive Dragon.
If you need me to
spell it out for you,
it means that from
this moment on
every witch and wizard
in Reverse London
will be coming for his head!
Huh? They're coming after me?
Why though?
I'm not really following
where this is going.
Seriously?
You guys haven't filled
him in on anything yet?
Then again, I guess not
telling a guy on borrowed time
that he's about to die might
be the most merciful thing
you could do for
the poor bastard!
Wow, your words are as
terrifying as your face!
(Osushi barking)
Hey, Ninny, I'm
going to shoot Spark
on the count of three.
Let's divide and conquer.
Okay.
[Noel] Would you rather
take Balgo or Macy?
[Ninny] Do you even need to ask?
(glass shattering)
(air whooshing)
I don't know what you're
chatting about over there,
but since everyone in Reverse
London is gonna be hunting him
where the hell do you
think you can hide?
Uh, excuse me, uh, Bruno?
(footsteps thudding)
-(Macy gasping)
-(suspenseful music)
I just heard Elly.
She's getting closer!
(Elly shrieking)
(air whooshing)
Elly!
(all except Bruno gasping)
So you followed us, huh?
(footsteps thudding)
(glass shattering)
That's too bad,
considering the fact
I don't need you anymore!
-(energy whooshing)
-(footsteps thudding)
Huh?
She disappeared?
Come to think of it,
when I first saw her,
I remember it looking
like she suddenly
just appeared out
of the darkness,
but, no, she was
actually invisible!
I don't have time for this shit!
Did she use Stealth
Scale just now?
That's not something any
run-of-the-mill dragon can use!
(air whooshing)
(Bruno gasping)
(blow crashing)
(Rickenbacker crashing)
-(wings flapping)
-(mystical music)
-(body crackling)
(air whooshing)
(both gasping)
Elly?
(air whooshing)
(Elly thudding)
[Ninny] What the heck?
Her size and shape
totally changed!
It appears she must have
molted in the moonlight.
Wait, hold on, but that
would mean she's a-
[Bruno] Yeah, exactly.
-Hm?
-(Noel grunting)
(tense music)
Molting in the moonlight,
using Stealth Scale,
not to mention she's
got six talons.
Yeah, there's no doubt about it,
that one there is a Marchen.
Whoa, crazy!
What's a Marchen?
A Marchen is one of
the seven dragons
named after fairy tales,
tales that have been
around Reverse London
since it was founded.
Snow White,
Red Dress,
Golden Axe,
Bubbles,
Sugar House,
Band of Animals, and
the one that only becomes
a full-fledged dragon
by molting in the moonlight:
Cinderella.
(gentle dramatic music)
Cinderella?
That name was given
because, like Cinderella,
this Marchen
transforms at night,
and because it scatters
a dust called Star Ash
when it gets agitated.
(air whooshing)
Everything the dust touches
(wings flapping)
-(explosions booming)
-(singing in foreign language)
becomes enveloped in
light, or at least
that's what all the
encyclopedias say about them.
Why are you being all
poetic about light?
They're clearly bombs!
-Balgo Parks!
-(Macy yelping)
Uh, yeah?
I'll hold off on
killing you for now.
The Marchens, the Dark
Dragons' ancestors,
these bad boys are permanently
authorized for elimination,
designated as
enemies of mankind.
Never thought I'd see
one with my own eyes.
This is gonna be fun!
Hang on!
Are you planning on
fighting that thing?
[Bruno] Don't be stupid,
I'm not gonna fight it!
-Huh?
-I'm gonna kill it.
No better way to make a
name for myself, right?
Don't get in my way, you brats.
Rickenbacker?
You up for this?
(Rickenbacker grunting)
That's my boy.
Let's do this!
(air whooshing)
He seriously went over there.
I can't believe him!
Niiha, let's go for
a frontal attack.
We'll call HQ for back-up!
No.
What?
What do you mean no?
Balgo's Punitive Dragon
designation hasn't been lifted.
-If we request reinforcements,
-(Macy gasping)
Balgo will be killed.
Well, well, maybe,
but it's an emergency,
so they might not-
-(Noel gasping)
-Oh.
(explosion booming)
What the actual hell?
Are those Star Ash things alive?
-I have no idea!
-(Balgo yelping)
-I thought you read about it?
-(Balgo sighing)
All I know is that dragon's
probably called a Marchen.
What was in the encyclopedia
was based on the legends.
(Ninny groaning)
(fires crackling)
(air whooshing)
(tense dramatic music)
(fabric fluttering)
(can rattling)
(spray hissing)
Release code: 0575.
Unlock!
(energy warbling)
Come, Hunger Shadow!
(Hunger Shadow shrieking)
(explosions booming)
Tear into it!
(teeth shattering)
-(fire whooshing)
-(Hunger Shadow fizzling)
(Bruno grunting)
Hunger Shadow couldn't
even draw a drop of blood?
(air whooshing)
Yo, you little
shits, 'bout time.
What happened to the other two?
Did you leave 'em
somewhere safe?
Depends, where would you
consider safe right now?
We just left them
both over there.
Honestly, anywhere is
safer than being up here.
Yeah, you're tellin' me.
Back me up, you two!
We can kill Cinderella if we
break those crown-like horns.
Are you sure that's true and
not just from the legend?
We're fighting a
literal fairy tale here!
What else do we have to go on?
If I can nail that
thing with your help,
your reps will skyrocket too.
After that, I might consider
getting you into the Inks.
Except I'm pretty sure-
Neither of us asked for that.
-(wind whooshing)
-(fabric rustling)
(Bruno scoffing)
You guys piss me
off, you know that?
(tense music)
[Ninny] Niiha,
we'll circle around
so it doesn't notice us.
[Noel] Understood.
(air whooshing)
(singer singing in
foreign language)
(fire whooshing)
No way, it already
figured us out!
We're breaking
through, Marshall!
-(wing fluttering)
-(Star Ash whooshing)
(explosions booming)
High into the starry road
to the ends of the night,
the White Alva in formation!
Leeds wreathe and light right,
for heavenward lies your end.
[Ninny And Noel] Magic
Number 68: Supernal Jail!
-(energy whooshing)
-(pensive rock music)
(energy thudding)
(Cinderella shrieking)
-(spray hissing)
-(air whooshing)
Good job, brats, I'm impressed!
Release code: 2028.
Unlock!
Come, Greedy Curtain!
(energy warbling)
Once this thing envelops you,
it ain't gonna let you out!
You try your exploding
crap up in there,
and the only one it's gonna
kill now is you, Cinderella!
(explosion booming)
(both yelping)
-She exploded?
-(Macy grunting)
Elly!
-(air whistling)
-(Balgo gasping)
Crap, they're falling!
-Huh?
-(Osushi squeaking)
I've got you, I've
got you, I've got you!
(Ninny and Noel crashing)
Sorry, Noel, I
thought I had you!
[Macy] Nina!
(fires crackling)
(wings flapping)
Shit, that thing's still alive.
I was wrong, your own
blasts can't kill you.
Damn monster!
(wings flapping)
(debris crashing)
I guess she's not
planning to self-destruct.
She's way too OP!
Uh, hey, Noel, are you okay?
[Noel] I'm just peachy.
(Ninny grunting)
(wings flapping)
Huh?
(air whistling)
The hell?
Where's it think it's goin'?
-Ow, ow, ow!
-(Noel grunting)
(Noel gasping)
(air whistling)
Hey, Cinderella's
heading this way!
(energy warbling)
-Shield up!
-Hm?
(Ninny yelping)
Um, and why are
you coming our way?
Get mad at that guy, not us!
Ooh, that's a cool
spell! So boxy!
Hold on!
-Huh?
-(Noel grunting)
She might just be
coming here to see me!
Is there really no other
option than to kill her?
You're saying that after
seeing what she's turned into?
Ninny, concentrate!
-(Star Ash whooshing)
-(both gasping)
(explosions booming)
(gasping) Nina!
(groaning) Owie!
-(Macy panting)
-(somber music)
(wings flapping)
Wait!
Please stop this!
Don't you recognize me?
(wings flapping)
(Elly chittering)
Elly.
(energy warbling)
-(Macy gasping)
-Get back!
(energy warbling)
-(fire whooshing)
-(all grunting)
This is why I'm telling
you it's impossible.
(Macy gasping)
No matter how much
you love them,
there are times you just
can't get through to them.
-(fire crackling)
-(somber music)
How long are you
gonna keep this up?
You're still lying to yourself
thinking she'll
give you strength?
Or that she'll sweep you up
and take you somewhere special?
This is real life,
not a damn fairy tale.
[Macy] Nina.
Fairy tales are such bullshit.
(book shattering)
What's the point
when the spell breaks
in the middle of it all?
It was inevitable because
you broke your promise?
Or time ran out,
so what can you do?
Inevitable, my ass!
It's all so stupid!
Because neither you or
anyone else have any idea
why the spell really breaks.
The reason that it
breaks so randomly
is because it was
never your own doing.
Macy, we're supposed to be
the ones casting the spells.
(Cinderella shrieking)
(all yelping)
Ninny, here it comes!
Okay, let's do this already!
Noel, can I help you out?
[Noel] Absolutely not.
Just hold on to that
pipe we gave you
and go cower in
the corner please.
Okay, that one hurt!
-(kick thudding)
-(Ninny grunting)
(Balgo groaning)
If you got it, then get going!
Don't you dare let
Osushi get hurt!
Okay, I get it!
Well, I guess we're both
staying put then, Osushi.
(energy booming)
[Ninny] Huh?
What's this thing?
[Ninny And Noel] We'd like
to know that ourselves!
No, seriously, the
hell's with that sword?
Did that come from
the pipe we gave you?
How could that be?
(air whooshing)
There she is, Rickenbacker!
(grim tense music)
(Cinderella chittering)
Hm?
Something's off.
[Ninny] Hey, how'd you do that?
-I have no idea!
-(Noel gasping)
-Let me see!
-(Balgo yelping)
(tense music)
Cinderella stopped moving.
What does she see?
(energy whooshing)
(crown shattering)
(air whooshing)
(energy sizzling)
Hoo!
Well, all right then!
That'll be enough
of that, thanks.
(ash fizzling)
(bells clanging)
What?
How did we get zero earnings
after a feat like that?
It's not technically zero.
See? It's right here!
I think we both know five points
and five scale pounds
is basically zero.
We took down a legendary
dragon and that's all we get?
I don't think so, buddy!
It's a miracle you're
not in the negative
after all that destruction.
Honestly, it's impressive!
And, anyway, Director
Bangnyfe dealt the final blow,
or that's what it says here.
Huh? What the hell?
That dumb paper's lying
'cause he didn't do it either!
If he didn't do it either,
then you two also
didn't do it, correct?
(Ninny growling)
So there you have it!
Patchworks is collecting and
preserving Cinderella's corpse.
And, oh, yeah!
Come on in!
(door clicking)
(both grunting questioningly)
-(chimes ringing)
-(gentle music)
-Macy?
-(Macy giggling)
What the hell?
You better not be telling me
we're taking in another one!
Wow, you're a sharp cookie!
-(Ninny gasping)
-You nailed it!
Through this ordeal
we determined
she's a light case
of Dragonclad,
so we decided it was our duty
to take her in (chuckling).
Doesn't that sound like fun?
Not really, and no one
asked for your opinion!
-(Macy giggling)
-(Ninny yelping)
-(Macy humming)
-(Ninny grunting)
I'm so excited!
We're gonna have
so much fun, Nina!
Excuse me?
Do we know what's
happening with Balgo?
[Banx Jr.] Oh,
right, about that.
A motion to release Balgo Parks
from his Punitive Dragon status?
You're the last person
I expected this from.
However, from our investigation,
it would appear that Balgo Parks
had an encounter with Macy
Baljure two months ago,
and if that exact
moment was the trigger
that caused Cinderella
to manifest,
then that certainly
changes our approach,
and it's more than enough
reason to keep him alive.
Because he's going to be the key
to exterminating
all of the Marchens.
(pensive music)
(Bruno grunting)
[Student 1] Did you read the
Cinderella damage report?
[Student 2] Sure did.
It's absolutely off the wall!
(gasping) Good morning!
Hm?
Yes, good morning,
Director Squire!
[Sullivan] I have to ask,
when did this area
become a storage space?
(yelping) We're terribly sorry!
We'll move them immediately!
Come on, hurry up!
[Student 2] Okay!
(Sullivan grunting)
(energy buzzing)
(energy shattering)
Chief Banx Jr.
Well, I must say I'm glad I
wasn't mistaken about you,
you son of a hero.
-Whee!
-(Osushi squeaking)
Osushi!
You're as cute as ever!
-Yes, you are!
-(Osushi grunting)
You're so adorable,
you're set for life!
(Balgo gasping)
Welcome back, Noel!
The chief just came
by and took back
that super sweet
mantle and pipe.
I guess I didn't get
to keep them after all.
Too bad!
(Osushi squeaking)
(Balgo gasping)
Uh, Noel?
(Osushi panting)
Huh?
(Balgo panting)
(Balgo grunting)
You okay?
Somethin' bad happen?
[Noel] No.
(Osushi panting)
[Balgo] Did somethin'
good happen then?
-(Osushi panting)
-(gentle music)
Yes.
(Osushi panting)
(Balgo chuckling)
Glad to hear it, Noel.
Show me your panties!
-(shoes scraping)
-(air whooshing)
(Balgo groaning)
-Noel!
-(Noel shuddering)
-Show me your panties!
-(wings flapping)
(machinery whirring)
That's it, that's it.
Okay, right there!
-Alright, nice and easy.
-(scoffing) Finally,
they fixed that stupid thing!
(explosion booming)
(all gasping)
(both groaning)
-(energy whooshing)
-Huh?
(Balgo yelping)
-Please hold still, Balgo.
-What's going on?
I'm shutting you up
forever, Osushi.
(Balgo panting)
(closing theme music)
(singer singing in Japanese)